[doc] ROM accessed fuses byte ordering (#3617)
chipsalliance/caliptra-sw: rom/dev/README.md

```
Fuse byte address:  0    1    2    3    4    5    6    7    8    9    A    B   ...
Byte value:         D5   A8   9B   86   82   CF   0F   AD   80   60   E5   02  ...
                    ── register[0] ──   ─── register[1] ──  ── register[2] ──
```

##### Manufacturing debug unlock token: step-by-step

1. Choose a 32-byte random secret (the raw token). This is what the SoC sends
   over the mailbox to unlock debug.

2. Compute SHA-512 of the raw token:
   ```
   $ printf '\xd8\x92\x2c\x55\x79\x2b\x73\x7f\x29\x13\xf3\xe5\xcb\xe6\x54\x75' \
            '\x62\x52\x01\x6e\xae\xe9\x63\xa1\xdd\x4e\x75\x3a\xf7\x87\xf0\x96' \
       | openssl dgst -sha512 -binary | xxd -p -c 64
   869ba8d5ad0fcf8202e560803281da659812ffa2fc28c2d5154cb645ee0c38ec
   4fd9dd8bb0be7deb193f625381383a91ab40bd920fcd9425919e63723c0bf7a8
   ```

3. Split into 4-byte groups and interpret each as a big-endian `u32` to get the
   fuse word values:
   ```
   Fuse [u32; 16] = {
       0x869BA8D5, 0xAD0FCF82, 0x02E56080, 0x3281DA65,
       0x9812FFA2, 0xFC28C2D5, 0x154CB645, 0xEE0C38EC,
       0x4FD9DD8B, 0xB0BE7DEB, 0x193F6253, 0x81383A91,
       0xAB40BD92, 0x0FCD9425, 0x919E6372, 0x3C0BF7A8,
   }
   ```

> 4. Burn these 16 words into the `FUSE_MANUF_DEBUG_UNLOCK_TOKEN` registers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. MCU or SoC manager writes these 16 words into the `FUSE_MANUF_DEBUG_UNLOCK_TOKEN` registers from fuses.
```

#### Architectural register: CPTRA_OWNER_PK_HASH (big-endian words)

**CPTRA_OWNER_PK_HASH** (`[u32; 12]`) uses the same reversed-dword format as
FUSE_VENDOR_PK_HASH. See
[Public key hash byte ordering](#public-key-hash-byte-ordering-dword-reversal)
for details and worked examples.

#### SVN fuses (little-endian 128-bit bitmap)

> **FUSE_FIRMWARE_SVN** and **FUSE_SOC_MANIFEST_SVN** are 128-bit bitmaps stored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**FUSE_FIRMWARE_SVN** and **FUSE_SOC_MANIFEST_SVN** are 128-bit one-hot encoded bitmaps stored
```
